Learner's Connect Privacy Policy
Last update: December 3,  2021


Information We Collect – You directly provide us with most of the information we collect: when you register to the Site, use it, complete forms, or register to any of our programs. We also collect information about your communications with Learner's Connect as well as any of your posts on our blogs or forums and your communication with other users of Fiverr. In addition, we automatically collect information while you access, browse, view or otherwise use the Site and receive information from third party vendors or other available sources.

Our Legal Basis for Using Your Personal Information - Where relevant under applicable laws, all processing of your personal information will be justified by a "lawful ground" for processing as detailed below.

How Do We Use the Information Collected? – We use personal information to provide you with quality service and security, to operate the Site, understand how people use the Site, and to perform our obligations to you; to ensure marketplace integrity and security; to prevent fraud; to contact you and send you direct marketing communications; to promote and advertise the Site, our services and the Fiverr marketplace; to comply with lawful requests by public authorities and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.

How Long Do We Keep Personal Information – We will keep personal information only for as long as is required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. However, in some cases we will retain personal information for longer periods of time.

Children - This Site is offered and available to users who are at least 18 years of age and of legal age to form a binding contract. Minors under 18 and at least 13 years of age, are only permitted to use the Site through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their appropriate permission. Minors under 13 are not permitted to use the Site or the Fiverr services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.

Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties – We share personal information with third parties in order to operate the Site, provide our services to you, fulfil obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud, infringements and illegal activities.



External Links - the Site contains links to third party sites and if you link to a third party site from the Site, any data you provide to that site and any use of that data by the third party are not under the control of Learner's Connect and are not subject to this Policy.



Updating Personal Information – We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings. In the event that you believe your information is in any way incorrect or inaccurate, please let us know immediately.


